refactor: consolidate locale config into single source of truth (#520)
emdash-cms/emdash: docs/src/content/docs/contributing/translating.mdx

<Steps>

1. **Compile and run the demo:**

   ```bash
   pnpm run locale:compile
   pnpm build
   pnpm --filter emdash-demo dev
   ```

2. **Switch locale** in the admin Settings page and verify your translations look correct in context.

</Steps>

## Adding a new language

If your language doesn't have a PO file yet:

<Steps>

1. **Add the locale to `packages/admin/src/locales/locales.ts`:**

   ```ts
   export const LOCALES: LocaleDefinition[] = [
     { code: "en", label: "English", enabled: true },
     { code: "de", label: "Deutsch", enabled: true },
     // ...
     { code: "ja", label: "日本語", enabled: false },  // add yours
   ];
   ```

>    This is the single source of truth — `lingui.config.ts`, `lunaria.config.ts` and the admin runtime all derive their locale lists from this file. Set `enabled: false` initially — we'll enable it once the translation reaches sufficient coverage.

Author: ```suggestion
   This is the single source of truth — `lingui.config.ts`, `lunaria.config.ts` and the admin runtime all derive their locale lists from this file. Set `enabled: false` unless your translations have 100% coverage — we'll enable it once the translation reaches sufficient coverage.
```
